docs(pdk) regenerate PDK documentations to include the new (#2167)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/2.1.x/pdk/kong.log.md

Generates a table that contains information that are helpful for logging.

 This method can currently be used in the `http` subsystem.

 The following fields are included in the returned table:
 * `client_ip` - client IP address in textual format
 * `latencies` - request/proxy latencies
 * `request.headers` - request headers
 * `request.method` - request method
 * `request.querystring` - request query strings
 * `request.size` - size of request
 * `request.url` and `request.uri` - URL and URI of request
 * `response.headers` - response headers
 * `response.size` - size of response

>  * `response.status` response HTTP status code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * `response.status` - response HTTP status code
```

 * `route` - route object matched
 * `service` - service object used
 * `started_at` - timestamp this request came in, in milliseconds

>  * `tries` - upstream information, this is an array and if balancer retries occurred, will contain more than one entry

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * `tries` - Upstream information; this is an array and if any balancer retries occurred, will contain more than one entry
```

>  * `upstream_uri` - request URI sent to upstream

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * `upstream_uri` - request URI sent to Upstream
```

 The following fields are only present in an authenticated request (with consumer):

 * `authenticated_entity` - credential used for authentication
 * `consumer` - consumer entity accessing the resource

>  The following fields are only present in a TLS/HTTPS request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 The following fields are only present in a TLS/HTTPS request:
```

 * `request.tls.version` - TLS/SSL version used by the connection
 * `request.tls.cipher` - TLS/SSL cipher used by the connection

>  * `request.tls.client_verify` - mTLS validation result. Contents are the same as described in [$ssl_client_verify](https://nginx.org/en/docs/http/ngx_http_ssl_module.html#var_ssl_client_verify)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * `request.tls.client_verify` - mTLS validation result. Contents are the same as described in [$ssl_client_verify](https://nginx.org/en/docs/http/ngx_http_ssl_module.html#var_ssl_client_verify).
```

Reviewer: Should be consistent. Probably add periods to all entries.

>  Warning: this function may return sensitive data (e.g. API keys).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Warning:** This function may return sensitive data (e.g., API keys).
```

 Consider filtering before writing it to unsecured locations.

>  To see what content are there on your setup, enable any of the logging

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 To see what content is present in your setup, enable any of the logging
```

>  plugins (e.g. `file-log`) and the output written to log file is the table

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 plugins (e.g. ,`file-log`) and the output written to the log file is the table
```

>  plugins (e.g. ,`file-log`) and the output written to the log file is the table

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 plugins (e.g., `file-log`) and the output written to the log file is the table
```

>  returned by this function JSON encode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 returned by this function JSON-encoded.
```

**Phases**

* log

**Returns**

> * `table` table containing request information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `table` - table that contains request information.
```
